fix: common practices for naming variables and functions multiple choice question (#57662)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lecture-understanding-core-javascript-fundamentals/6732c6ab21031b60d2b0c999.md

## --text--

Which of the following should you do if you’re working in an established codebase and / or with a team?

## --answers--

> Use your text editor’s find-and-replace feature to update any function or variable names you come across that could be improved, even it's not related to the task you're working on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use your text editor's find-and-replace feature to update any function or variable names you come across that could be improved, even it's not related to the task you're working on.
```

### --feedback--

Remember that the code you write should be readable and maintainable for everyone.

---

Stick to the naming conventions for variables and functions that have already been established.

---

Come up with your own naming conventions for any new code you write.

### --feedback--

Remember that the code you write should be readable and maintainable for everyone.

---

Strictly use the naming conventions covered in this lecture.

### --feedback--

> Remember that the code you write should be readable and maintainable for everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that this lecture covers some naming conventions, each codebase could have its own established conventions.
```

Author: Thanks for this suggestion, @ilenia-magoni. This sounds good to me. I'm just going to tweak it slightly to "Remember that this lecture covers some naming conventions, and each codebase could have its own established conventions."
